(bright upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So let's take a look
at one solution to the challenge.
I was able to solve the challenge
by creating a new item processor.
So I'm just going to open the new dialog, create a new class
and I'm going to name this class
free shipping item processor.
And then this class is going
to implement spring batches item processor interface.
And within that interface
we can supply two type arguments.
Now this part is a little bit tricky.
We're going to make this the last item processor
within our chain.
So it's actually going to receive a tracked order
as input and then it's going to output,
a tracked order as well.
So once we specify those generics
we can go ahead and hit finish.
And here we see our new item processor implementation
is created and we just need to provide
some logic within this class that's going
to set the free shipping boolean
for those orders that do qualify.
So the way I handled that, I got the cost
of the tracked order and I compared that to,
a new big decimal with a value of 80
and once I've done that comparison
I just checked to see if it's equal to one,
which would indicate that the order is over $80.
And in that case I want to go ahead
and set the free shipping indicator on this tracked order.
So I'll set that to true, and then for those items
that do not satisfy the criteria
I can set the free shipping indicator to false.
And then this next part is going to allow us
to filter out those items
that do not qualify for free shipping.
So we can check the free shipping boolean
and if the boolean is true,
which indicates the item does qualify
for free shipping ,we'll return it.
Otherwise we're going to return null.
So returning null from an item processor
is pretty much the same as filtering
and using that approach we're able to remove those orders
which are under our free shipping threshold.
Okay, so now we have the free shipping item processor,
it's time to head back over to our job configuration
and what we're going to do, I'm just going to copy
one of our existing bean methods,
and then I'm going to create our free shipping processor.
I'll change the generic typing on that processor.
So then I'll go ahead and I can change the name
of this method to free shipping item processor.
And then we're just going to go ahead
and within the body of that method
we're going to return a new free shipping
item processor, Okay?
Now that we have defined our free shipping item processor
as a bean we can simply add it to the delegates
that are specified within our composite item writer.
So here I'll just call the free shipping item
processor method that will cause that bean
to be registered as one of the delegates
in the composite item processor,
and that will cause
all three of these processors to execute.
Now if we save everything,
we can head over to our console
and we're going to go ahead
and kick off the job.
And once the project builds, our job will launch.
Okay, we can see that our job has completed.
Let's go check the output of our job.
So I'm going to head into my data directory.
And we should have adjacent file waiting for us.
And here you can see that only one order
came from a government email that was over $85
and that is the only order that qualified for free shipping.
So that was my solution to the challenge.
I hope you were able to solve it as well.
And it was a good example
of how we can use item processors
as well as composite item processors
to introduce a lot of logic into our batch jobs.